[RUN-8862] addedd to RN and files (#352)
run-ai/docs: docs/home/whats-new-2-13.md

Fixed interactive time limits so that workloads that reach the timeout are now suspended/stopped. The admin can change the time limit and the timeout for new and already running workloads. Already running workloads will update and stop based on the new settings. Workloads do not reach a state of failure so that they can be resumed later.

<!-- RUN-8862/9292 - Department as a workspace asset creation scope - phase 1 -->

> Added a tree selection function to the scope field when creating a new asset. These include *Data source*, *Environment*, and *Compute resource*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a tree selection function to the scope field when creating a new asset. These include some types of *Data source*, *Environment*, and *Compute resource*.
```

> Added a tree selection function to the scope field when creating a new asset. These include some types of *Data source*, *Environment*, and *Compute resource*.

Author: ```suggestion
Added a tree selection function to the scope field when creating a new asset.  Included assets are *Environment*, *Compute resource*,  and some types of *Data source*.
```
